Team gme
https://github.com/CSE410HCI/gme
https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/gme-6026ab1d09e4aa00101a1a8d/board?repos=337266177
Alternate Dispute Approach: Coin flip to break disputes
Project Description:
    Our website will allow users to use their Spotify accounts to share music snippets between their friends and followers, and talk to other users
directly about their music tastes. Users will be able to like their friends music, comment on their music snippets, and add found music to their
liked songs on Spotify. The user accounts will tie to a particular Spotify account and act in tandem with the Spotify web API to keep track of
user information; and the user will be recommended other user accounts to follow based on those accounts liking the same music they do.
    This will provide external account options such as profile pictures, posting, deleting content, sharing directly, and direct messaging. It
also will allow users to follow or block as needed to moderate what content they want to consume on the site; and to make sure the content they
see is relevant to their tastes. It will also, of course, support typical user account control features such as password resetting and account
deletion. 

Typical User Approach:
    A typical user for our website would be somebody with a Spotify account with minimal technical background. They would be able to use our
website to immediately start sharing the music they've liked on spotify after linking their account, as well as browse other accounts who've
liked the same songs as them. A user will be able to post only be able to post snippets of music, of course, but they also have the capability
of following the song snippet back to Spotify in order to hear the full track. Commenting and liking will be allowed as well in order to provide
users with feedback from followers for every post.
    The typical flow for a user with all of this in mind is as follows. They'll reach the website and be prompted to make an account, at which
point they link their newly made profile with their Spotify account. Once linked, they will be prompted to add a few song snippets from their
liked music playlists and, when completed, they would have the full functionality of the website available to them. They would be able to 
navigate through recommended users to follow based on them liking the same songs and see song snippets from them to comment on/like; or
alternatively they would be able to navigate to their own profile in order to post more songs under their account name. If they had any friends
or users in particular they wanted to follow they could type in their profile names to search for them, and follow them from there. 
